so guys is John
just wanted to show you guys the opening
lick to come see about me off of Derek
and Susan's new album it's pretty cool
it's and whole songs in D Derek plays
this an open D tuning intros on a piece
of da D F sharp
maybe starts on the 2nd fret I'll play
it first
okay so break this down into two forks
so break down into two ports starts on
the second fret a string hammer on so
hammer on the a and hammer on the D on
the second fret up to the fourth this is
very common lick he used all the time in
blues back to to pull off and then funky
root on you a strength of thread
that's d back to three
pull off so you want to pull off on the
a string on third round I'm up on the
f-sharp slide up the D on the third
that's your monitor so you want to kind
of want adjust the weight they're
phrases it just takes a long time to
learn I'm not even that great at it but
basically these shrink third fret you
kind of slide pull off and then hit the
root on the fifth okay so after you end
on the a string fifth fret root note D
you're gonna rake and you're gonna rake
the F sharp F sharp string up to the up
to the a strange
okay so some breaking these strings but
I'm letting the let the f-sharp ring out
one need everything else and then once
you get up to the top once you get up to
12 on the a string
you let that ring out that's your fifth
that's your a that's using pretty much a
ton of I mean almost a ton of blue so
amazing grace so so you do your ray
if you're on the f-sharp once you hit
the a on the fifth fret you want to hit
the F sharp voice so any double stops
is my new martin dr - sounds pretty
sweet
you have any questions comments let me
know thanks